src/README.md, before:

# How to Work on This Project

## Description

Brief explanation of how to work on this project utilizing a virtual environment.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- Python 3.x installed on your system. You can download Python from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

## Setting Up Your Development Environment

To set up the project development environment, follow these steps:

### Activating the Virtual Environment

To activate the virtual environment, run the following command in your terminal:

Make sure you are in the root directory of the project before running the following commands.

- **C:path/to/Assessment-Viz**

- **On Windows:**
  ```bash
  venv/Scripts/activate
  ```
- **On macOS and Linux:**
  ```bash
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```
  After activation, your command line will indicate the active environment by prefixing its name to your command line prompt.

### Installing Dependencies

Install the project dependencies using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This command installs all the packages listed in the `requirements.txt` file.

## Running the Project

To run the project, execute:

```bash
python main.py
```

Replace `main.py` with the script you use to run your project.

## Deactivating the Virtual Environment

When you're done working on the project, you can deactivate the virtual environment by running:

```bash
deactivate
```

---

Commit message:

Update development environment setup instructions

src/README.md, after:

# How to Work on This Project

## Description

Brief explanation of how to work on this project utilizing a virtual environment.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- Python 3.x installed on your system. You can download Python from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

## Setting Up Your Development Environment

You can use whatever text editor or IDE you prefer. However, remember to pull from the main branch before you start working on the project.

### Activating the Virtual Environment

To activate the virtual environment, run the following command in your terminal:

Make sure you are in the root directory of the project before running the following commands.

- **C:path/to/Assessment-Viz**

- **On Windows:**
  ```bash
  venv/Scripts/activate
  ```
- **On macOS and Linux:**
  ```bash
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```
  After activation, your command line will indicate the active environment by prefixing its name to your command line prompt.

### Installing Dependencies

Install the project dependencies using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This command installs all the packages listed in the `requirements.txt` file.

## Running the Project

To run the project, execute:

```bash
python main.py
```

Replace `main.py` with the script you use to run your project.

## Deactivating the Virtual Environment

When you're done working on the project, you can deactivate the virtual environment by running:

```bash
deactivate
```

---
